Covered RFCs 566, 567, 569, and 577 on improving autotracking (Ember Times 131) (#496)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-01-17-the-ember-times-issue-131.md

> <!--alex ignore waiters-waitresses-->

Author: ```suggestion
```

Привет, Эмберисты! <span style="font-style: italic;">Hello, Emberistas!</span> 🐹

Help improve Ember's autotracking and reactivity system 💬,

> 

Reviewer: <!--alex ignore waiters-waitresses-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--alex ignore waiters-waitresses-->
```

Reviewer: I think the line break disables the alex linter exception from above again - we can either add it here instead or remove the line break I think

---

## [4 RFCs on improving Ember's autotracking and reactivity system 💬](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/use-and-resources/text/0567-use-and-resources.md#introducing-use-and-resources)

Ember Octane features a **new reactivity system**. In particular, **tracked properties** simplify syncing the DOM with JavaScript changes. (Find out how autotracking works from the [Ember Guides](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/autotracking-in-depth/).)

To help address some shortcomings, [Chris Garrett (@pzuraq)](https://github.com/pzuraq) proposed introducing the decorators and classes listed below. We encourage you to participate in RFCs and provide feedback today!

### [566. `@memo` decorator](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/566)

> Unlike computed properties, autotracked getters don't cache their values by default. `@memo` will let you opt in to memoization.

Author: ```suggestion
Unlike computed properties, autotracked getters don't cache their values. `@memo` will let you opt in to memoization.
```

### [567. `@use` decorator](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/567)

> The `@use` API will leverage autotracking to solve two core issues:

Author: ```suggestion
The `@use` API will leverage autotracking to solve two issues:
```

---

## [4 RFCs on improving Ember's autotracking and reactivity system 💬](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/use-and-resources/text/0567-use-and-resources.md#introducing-use-and-resources)

> Ember Octane features a **new reactivity system**. In particular, **tracked properties** simplify syncing the DOM with JavaScript changes. (Find out how autotracking works from the [Ember Guides](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/autotracking-in-depth/).)

Reviewer 2: I feel that `In particular, **tracked properties** simplify syncing the DOM with JavaScript changes` feels a bit off.
Maybe 
> In particular, **tracked properties**. They simplify syncing the DOM when the JavaScript changes.
If I understood the correctly.

Author: I used "in particular" to note that tracked properties are just 1 example out of many that together make up the reactivity system.

How about:
```suggestion
Ember Octane features a **new reactivity system** thanks to **tracked properties**. They simplify syncing the DOM with JavaScript changes. Find out how autotracking works from the [Ember Guides](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/autotracking-in-depth/).
```
?

> Ember Octane features a **new reactivity system**. In particular, **tracked properties** simplify syncing the DOM with JavaScript changes. (Find out how autotracking works from the [Ember Guides](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/autotracking-in-depth/).)

Reviewer 2: I would remove the brackets around such a long sentence ;) also because I think it is an important sentence

Author: Ok, sounds good.

> To help address some shortcomings, [Chris Garrett (@pzuraq)](https://github.com/pzuraq) proposed introducing the decorators and classes listed below. We encourage you to participate in RFCs and provide feedback today!

Reviewer 2: Is `today` a hard deadline? Because it will also be on the website and then this might feel a bit weird. Maybe even discourage people if they feel that `today` has already passed.

Author: Heh, no. I guess I like to use the word today to suggest urgency, e.g. buy this car *today*! But yeah, the word's not always needed.

```suggestion
To help address some shortcomings, [Chris Garrett (@pzuraq)](https://github.com/pzuraq) proposed introducing the decorators and classes listed below. We encourage you to participate in RFCs and provide feedback!
```
